Cleanup for Beta-version Client Release (#224)
overture-stack/lectern: packages/client/README.md

# Lectern Client

> ![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

Reviewer: for consistency
```suggestion
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
```

[<img hspace="5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/chat--with--developers-overture--slack-blue?style=for-the-badge">](http://slack.overture.bio)
[<img hspace="5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL--3.0-blue?style=for-the-badge">](https://github.com/overture-stack/lectern/blob/develop/LICENSE)

> The Lectern Client provides developers TypeScript code tools to interact with Lectern servers and [Lectern Dictionaries](https://github.com/overture-stack/lectern). This package provides data processing functions that will parse submitted data and validatet that it adheres to the structure defined by the Dictionary. It also provides a REST client to fetch Lectern Dictionary data from a Lectern server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Lectern Client provides developers TypeScript code tools to interact with Lectern servers and [Lectern Dictionaries](https://github.com/overture-stack/lectern). This package provides data processing functions that will parse and validate submitted data, ensuring it adheres to the structure defined by the Dictionary. It also provides a REST client to fetch Lectern Dictionary data from a Lectern Server.
```

		// records were parsed successfully, so this returns all parsed records
	}
```

## Lectern Dependencies
The Lectern Client is a wrapper around Lectern submodules that allow functionality to be shared between client and server implementations. If you do not need the REST client, or the combined processing functions, you can consider including submodules directly to access the specific pieces of functionality you require.

| Package            | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [lectern-dictionary](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@overture-stack/lectern-dictionary) | Definition of the Lectern Dictionary structure. Includes TS types and schemas for validating the content of Lectern dictionary. Also includes functionality for comapring mulitple Lectern Dictionary versions and computing the difference between them. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [lectern-dictionary](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@overture-stack/lectern-dictionary) | Definition of the Lectern Dictionary structure. Includes TS types and schemas for validating the content of Lectern dictionary. Also includes functionality for comparing multiple Lectern Dictionary versions and computing the difference between them. |
```
